Update nft-rfc-008.md (#14)
interNFT/nft-rfc: nft-rfc-008.md

## Verification Process

### 1. NFT Class Template Defined
The Issuing Authority defines the class template for the NFT they will be issuing, including specifying the caveats,
and creates the set of capabilities they will need to deligate to the Certification Agents (CAP1, CAP2) and the 
Claim Verification Agents (CAP3). The caveats specified must be evaluatable by the defined class template and as such
must be representable in digital form. For the evaluation of real world caveats--e.g. requiring ID checked at the door

> to a play serving alcohol--the Issuing Authority can, either by proxy of themselves, certify real world evaluators of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a play serving alcohol--the Issuing Authority can, either by proxy or themselves, certify real world evaluators of
```

the caveat whom they trust and whose resulting verification output--in the form of Verifiable Credentials--is the 
caveat required by the NFT Class Template.

### 2. Enable Caveat Resolution
The Issuing Authority certifies Certification Agents and Claim Verification Agents. Providing these entities with the 
proper capabilities and Verifiable Credentials to both execute and validate their roles. 
   * Certification Agent: Receives VC1, CAP1, CAP2
   * Claim Verification Agent: Receives VC2, CAP3
These agents role in the system is to allow for the real world evaluation and resolution of caveats that require 
explicitly off-chain information and/or evaluation of off-chain information and enables an Issuing Authority to have 
a high degree of flexibility in their own policy for acceptable caveat resolution. 

### 3. Create Project

> The Claim Issuer starts a new project and creates the project's VC3 which provides all of the necissary details required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Claim Issuer starts a new project and creates the project's VC3 which provides all of the necessary details required
```

by the Issuing Authority for the project to be certified.

### 4. Project Certification
The Claim Issuer gets the project certified by a Ceritification Agent and receives:
   * Project Certification VC (VC4)

>    * NFT Minting Capability with specific caveats (CAP4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * NFT Minting Capability with specified caveats (CAP4)
```

This process of creating a project and getting it certified as a valid minter of the NFTs defined in the initial class
definition is subject to the caveats specified by the Issuing Authority. It is completely valid to have an NFT Class 
Template defined without the need for the NFT minter to be certified. 

### 5. Issue Claims

> The Claim Issuer begins issuing claims which site the Project Certification VC (VC4). These claims contain all of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Claim Issuer begins issuing claims which cite the Project Certification VC (VC4). These claims contain all the
```

information needed by the Claim Verification Agent to properly verify that the claims meet the caveats as defined in the
NFT Class Template. The need for a Claim Verification Agent only arrises in the case that the NFT Issuing Authority 

> specifies as such in caveat definitions and, once again, the caveat itself would be the inclusion of a Verifiable Credential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specifies this in the caveats. Once again, the caveat would require a Verifiable Credential to be
```

> which is produced by the Claim Verification Agent and which attests to the outcome of the claim evaluation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 produced by the Claim Verification Agent, which attests to the result of the claim evaluation. 
```

### 6. Evaluate Claims
These claims are presented to the Claim Verification Agent who evaluates the claims being made and issues Claim Evaluation 
VCs (VC6) via the Verification Capability (CAP3) they received from the Issuing Authority. To invoke CAP3 the Claim

> Evaluation Agent will need to satisfy any caveats defined by the Issuing Authority regarding the evaluation of the claims 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluation Agent will need to satisfy any caveats defined by the Issuing Authority, for the claims evaluation to be valid.
```

> being made. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### 7. Mint NFT

> Once they have all the necissary data, as specified by the caveats, the Claim Issuer invokes their capability to mint the NFT (CAP4), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once they have all the required data, as specified by the caveats, the Claim Issuer invokes their capability to mint the NFT (CAP4), 
```

> as provided to them by the Certification Agent, and recieves their NFT assuming all caveats are met per the Issuing Authoritie's 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as provided to them by the Certification Agent, and recieves their NFT --assuming that all the Issuing Authority's caveats have been met. 
```

> specification. Otherwise the mint transaction will fail and the Claim Issuer will receive a message detailing the failure mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise the mint transaction will fail and the Claim Issuer will receive a message detailing the failure mode. 
```

### 8. Dispute Claim
Once the NFT has been minted either the Certification Agent, Claim Verification Agent or the Issuing Authority may dispute the data
used to satisfy the specified caveats. The result of this dispute could result in the Issuing Authority burning the NFT as evidence

> the caveats were not met is given. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the caveats did not meet the requirements. 
```

> ## Carbon Credits Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example User Story: Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs)
```

* __Clean Energy Blockchain__ is a ficticious blockchain where HydroElec will register their issued clean energy claims by reference. The

>   claims themselves are stored in a secure data vault controlled by HydroElec which needs a capability to access. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  claims themselves are stored in a secure data vault controlled by HydroElec which requires an authorised capability to access. 
```

capability to mint the UN-REC2021 NFT (CAP4) from CleanEnergy Certifier which is issued to HydroElec via CAP2.

### 5. Issue Claims
HydroElec begins producing renwable energy claims and stores them, by reference, on the Clean Energy Blockchain. Enlisting CarbonAudit, they
provide a capability to CarbonAudit to access the referenced renwable energy claims. As part of HydroElect's agreement with CarbonAudit, they have
specified that CarbonAudit will provide their verification certificates once 100,000KWh of energy worth of claims have been verified and CarbonAudit
must notify HydroElec immediately of any rejected claims. 

### 6. Evaluate Claims
CarbonAudit processes the claims as they are registered to the Clean Energy Blockchain and uses CAP3 to issue sets of Claim Evaluation 
credentials (VC6s) which contain the result of the evaluation as well as a reference to their certification (VC2). Once CarbonAudit has processed
100,000KWh worth of claims from HydroElec, the VC6s are returned to HydroElec.

### 7. Mint NFT
HydroElect takes the set of:
   * Certifier VC (VC1)
   * Verifier VC (VC2)

>    * Project Descritpion (VC3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Project Description (VC3)
```
